[feature] Indexer status (#11706)
Jackett/Jackett: README.md

### Filter indexers

Another special "filter" indexer is available at `/api/v2.0/indexers/<filter>/results/torznab`
It will query the configured indexers that match the `<filter>` expression criterias and return the combined results as "all".

Supported filters
Filter | Condition
-|-
`type:<type>` | where the indexer type is equal to `<type>`
`tag:<tag>` | where the indexer tags contains `<tag>`
`lang:<tag>` | where the indexer language start with `<lang>`
`test:{passed|failed}` | where the last indexer test performed `passed` or `failed`

> `state:{healty|failing|unknown}` | where the indexer state is `healty` (succesfully operates in the last minutes), `failing` (generates errors in the recent call) or `unknown` (unused for a while)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`status:{healthy|failing|unknown}` | where the indexer state is `healthy` (successfully operates in the last minutes), `failing` (generates errors in the recent call) or `unknown` (unused for a while)
```
